why no mfa? (#73324)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/faq.rst

.. note:: If you see an ``invalid argument`` error when using ``-T``, then your SCP client is not performing filename validation and will not trigger this error.

.. _mfa_support:

> Does ansilbe support multiple factor authentification 2FA/MFA/biometrics/finterprint/usbkey/OTP/...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does Ansible support multiple factor authentication 2FA/MFA/biometrics/finterprint/usbkey/OTP/...
```

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> No, Ansible is designed to execute multilpe tasks against multiple targets minimizing user interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, Ansible is designed to execute multiple tasks against multiple targets, minimizing user interaction.
```

> As most automation tools, it is not compatible with interactive security systems designed to handle human interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with most automation tools, it is not compatible with interactive security systems designed to handle human interaction.
```

> As most automation tools, it is not very compatible with interactive security systems designed to handle actual humans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most automation tools, it is not compatible with interactive security systems designed to handle human interaction.
```

Most of these systems require a secondary prompt per target, which prevents scaling to thousands of targets.  They also
tend to have very short expiration periods so it requires frequent reauthorization, also an issue with many hosts and/or
a long set of tasks.

> We recommend in such environments to setup a secure execution environment for Ansible itself but still allow it to use an 'automation user'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such environments, we recommend you set Ansible  itself up to execute in a secure environment  but still allow it to use an 'automation user'
```

> In such environments we recommend securing around Ansible's execution but still allow it to use an 'automation user' that does not require such measures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In such environments we recommend securing around Ansible's execution but still allowing it to use an 'automation user' that does not require such measures.
```

> This is something Tower/AWX excels at by setting up RBAC access to inventory, manage credentials and job execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is something that Tower/AWX excels at by allowing administrators to set up RBAC access to inventory, along with managing credentials and job execution.
```
